WordPy pyx.php License Agreement
================================

Important Notice
================

READ CAREFULLY: This Software License Agreement ("Agreement") for WordPy
pyx.php, including computer software and associated documentation
("Software"), is the Agreement which governs use of the SOFTWARE of
Webplus Inc and its subsidiaries ("WordPy") downloadable herefrom. By
downloading, installing, copying, or otherwise using the SOFTWARE, You
(as defined below) agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. If
You do not agree to the terms of this Agreement, do not download the
SOFTWARE.

Recitals
========

Use of WordPy's SOFTWARE requires three elements: the SOFTWARE, an
WordPy PHP-to-Python library ("WordPy pyx.php"), Python interpreter, and
a computer system. The SOFTWARE is protected by copyright laws and
international copyright treaties, as well as other intellectual property
laws and treaties. The SOFTWARE is licensed for Your use, strictly in
accordance with this Agreement.

1. Definitions
--------------

### 1.1. Licensee

"You", "Your" or “Licensee” shall mean the entity or individual that
downloads and uses the SOFTWARE.

### 1.2. Software

"SOFTWARE" shall mean the deliverables provided pursuant to this
Agreement. SOFTWARE may be provided in either source or binary form, at
WordPy's discretion.

2. Grant of License
-------------------

### 2.1. Rights and Limitations of Grant

Provided that Licensee complies with the terms of this Agreement, WordPy
hereby grants Licensee the following limited, non-exclusive,
non-transferable, non-sublicensable right to use the SOFTWARE -- and, if
the SOFTWARE is provided in source form, to compile the SOFTWARE -- with
the following limitations:

2.1.1. Usage Rights

Licensee may install and use multiple copies of the SOFTWARE on a shared
computer or concurrently on different computers, and make multiple
back-up copies of the SOFTWARE, solely for Licensee's use within
Licensee's Enterprise. "Enterprise" shall mean individual use by
Licensee or any legal entity (such as a corporation or university) and
the subsidiaries it owns by more than 50 percent.

2.1.2. Additional Licensing Obligations

Licensee acknowledges and agrees that its use of certain third party
components included with the SOFTWARE may be subject to additional
licensing terms and conditions as set forth or referenced in Attachment
A of this Agreement.

### 2.1.3. Limitations

No Reverse Engineering

Licensee will not reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble the SOFTWARE,
nor otherwise in any other manner attempt to derive the source code,
techniques, processes, algorithms, know-how or other information from
the binary code portions of the WordPy pyx.php (collectively, "Reverse
Engineering") or permit or induce the foregoing. If however, directly
applicable law prohibits enforcement of the foregoing, Licensee may
engage in Reverse Engineering solely for purposes of obtaining such
information as is necessary to achieve interoperability of independently
created software with the WordPy pyx.php, or as otherwise and to the
limited extent permitted by directly applicable law, but only if: (a)
Reverse Engineering is strictly necessary to obtain such information;
and (b) Licensee has first requested such information from WordPy and
WordPy failed to make such information available (for a fee or
otherwise) under reasonable terms and conditions. Any information
supplied to or obtained by Licensee under this section is confidential
information of WordPy subject to the obligations of Section
Confidentiality, may only be used by Licensee for the purpose described
in this section, and will not be disclosed to any third party or used to
create any software which is substantially similar to the expression of
the WordPy pyx.php.

No Separation of Components

The SOFTWARE is licensed as a single product. Except as authorized in
this Agreement, Software component parts of the Software may not be
separated for use on more than one computer, nor otherwise used
separately from the other parts.

No Rental

Licensee may not rent or lease the SOFTWARE to someone else.

No Modifications

If the SOFTWARE is provided in source form, Licensee may not modify or
create derivative works of the SOFTWARE.

3. Term and Termination
-----------------------

This Agreement will continue in effect for two (2) years ("Initial
Term") after Your initial download and use of the SOFTWARE, subject to
the exclusive right of WordPy to terminate as provided herein. The term
of this Agreement will automatically renew for successive one (1) year
renewal terms after the Initial Term, unless either party provides to
the other party at least three (3) months prior written notice of
termination before the end of the applicable renewal term.

This Agreement will automatically terminate if Licensee fails to comply
with any of the terms and conditions hereof. In such event, Licensee
must destroy all copies of the SOFTWARE and all of its component parts.

### Defensive Suspension

If Licensee commences or participates in any legal proceeding against
WordPy, then WordPy may, in its sole discretion, suspend or terminate
all license grants and any other rights provided under this Agreement
during the pendency of such legal proceedings.

4. Copyright
------------

All rights, title, interest and copyrights in and to the SOFTWARE
(including but not limited to all images, photographs, animations,
video, audio, music, text, and other information incorporated into the
SOFTWARE), the accompanying printed materials, and any copies of the
SOFTWARE, are owned by WordPy, or its suppliers. The SOFTWARE is
protected by copyright laws and international treaty provisions.
Accordingly, Licensee is required to treat the SOFTWARE like any other
copyrighted material, except as otherwise allowed pursuant to this
Agreement and that it may make one copy of the SOFTWARE solely for
backup or archive purposes.

RESTRICTED RIGHTS NOTICE. Software has been developed entirely at
private expense and is commercial computer software provided with
RESTRICTED RIGHTS. Use, duplication or disclosure by the U.S. Government
or a U.S. Government subcontractor is subject to the restrictions set
forth in the Agreement under which Software was obtained pursuant to
DFARS 227.7202-3(a) or as set forth in subparagraphs (c)(1) and (2) of
the Commercial Computer Software - Restricted Rights clause at FAR
52.227-19, as applicable. Contractor/manufacturer is WordPy.

5. Applicable Law
-----------------

This Agreement shall be deemed to have been made in, and shall be
construed pursuant to, the laws of the State of Delaware. The United
Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is
specifically disclaimed. The courts of Santa Clara County, California
shall have exclusive jurisdiction and venue over any dispute arising out
of or relating to this Agreement.

6. Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitations on Liability
--------------------------------------------------------

### 6.1. No Warranties

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WordPy AND ITS SUPPLIERS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES,
EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR
NONINFRINGEMENT.

### 6.2. No Liability for Consequential Damages

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL
WordPy OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION,
DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF
BUSINESS INFORMATION, OR ANY OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS) ARISING OUT OF THE
USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF WordPy HAS BEEN ADVISED
OF THE

POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

### 6.3. No Support

WordPy has no obligation to support or to provide any updates of the
Software.

7. Miscellaneous
----------------

### 7.1. Feedback

Notwithstanding any Non-Disclosure Agreement executed by and between the
parties, the parties agree that in the event Licensee or WordPy provides
Feedback (as defined below) to the other party on how to design,
implement, or improve the SOFTWARE or Licensee's product(s) for use with
the SOFTWARE, the following terms and conditions apply the Feedback:

7.1.1. Exchange of Feedback

Both parties agree that neither party has an obligation to give the
other party any suggestions, comments or other feedback, whether
verbally or in written or source code form, relating to (i) the
SOFTWARE; (ii) Licensee's products; (iii) Licensee's use of the
SOFTWARE; or (iv) optimization/interoperability of Licensee's product
with the SOFTWARE (collectively defined as "Feedback"). In the event
either party provides Feedback to the other party, the party receiving
the Feedback may use any Feedback that the other party voluntarily
provides to improve the (i) SOFTWARE or other related WordPy
technologies, respectively for the benefit of WordPy; or (ii) Licensee's
product or other related Licensee technologies, respectively for the
benefit of Licensee. Accordingly, if either party provides Feedback to
the other party, both parties agree that the other party and its
respective licensees may freely use, reproduce, license, distribute, and
otherwise commercialize the Feedback in the (I) SOFTWARE or other
related technologies; or (ii) Licensee's products or other related
technologies, respectively, without the payment of any royalties or
fees.

7.1.2. Residual Rights

Licensee agrees that WordPy shall be free to use any general knowledge,
skills and experience, (including, but not limited to, ideas, concepts,
know-how, or techniques) ("Residuals"), contained in the (i) Feedback
provided by Licensee to WordPy; (ii) Licensee's products shared or
disclosed to WordPy in connection with the Feedback; or (c) Licensee's
confidential information voluntarily provided to WordPy in connection
with the Feedback, which are retained in the memories of WordPy's
employees, agents, or contractors who have had access to such Residuals.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, WordPy's
employees, agents, or contractors shall not be prevented from using
Residuals as part of such employee's, agent's or contractor's general
knowledge, skills, experience, talent, and/or expertise. WordPy shall
not have any obligation to limit or restrict the assignment of such
employees, agents or contractors or to pay royalties for any work
resulting from the use of Residuals.

7.1.3. Disclaimer of Warranty

FEEDBACK FROM EITHER PARTY IS PROVIDED FOR THE OTHER PARTY'S USE "AS IS"
AND BOTH PARTIES DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED AND STATUTORY
INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NONINFRINGEMENT.
BOTH PARTIES DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE FEEDBACK WILL MEET THE
OTHER PARTY'S REQUIREMENTS OR THAT THE OPERATION OR IMPLEMENTATION OF
THE FEEDBACK WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE.

7.1.4. No Liability for Consequential Damages

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL
EITHER PARTY OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,
INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION,
LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, OR ANY OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS) ARISING OUT
OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE FEEDBACK, EVEN IF THE OTHER PARTY
HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

### 7.2. Freedom of Action

Licensee agrees that this Agreement is nonexclusive and WordPy may
currently or in the future be developing software, other technology or
confidential information internally, or receiving confidential
information from other parties that maybe similar to the Feedback and
Licensee's confidential information (as provided in Section 7.1.2
above), which may be provided to WordPy in connection with Feedback by
Licensee.

Accordingly, Licensee agrees that nothing in this Agreement will be
construed as a representation or inference that WordPy will not develop,
design, manufacture, acquire, market products, or have products
developed, designed, manufactured, acquired, or marketed for WordPy,
that compete with the Licensee's products or confidential information.

### 7.3. No Implied Licenses

Under no circumstances should anything in this Agreement be construed as
WordPy granting by implication, estoppel or otherwise, (i) a license to
any WordPy product or technology other than the SOFTWARE; or (ii) any
additional license rights for the SOFTWARE other than the licenses
expressly granted in this Agreement.

### 7.4. Miscellaneous

If any provision of this Agreement is inconsistent with, or cannot be
fully enforced under, the law, such provision will be construed as
limited to the extent necessary to be consistent with and fully
enforceable under the law. This Agreement is the final, complete and
exclusive agreement between the parties relating to the subject matter
hereof, and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous understandings and
agreements relating to such subject matter, whether oral or written.
This Agreement may only be modified in writing signed by an authorized
officer of WordPy. Licensee agrees that it will not ship, transfer or
export the SOFTWARE into any country, or use the SOFTWARE in any manner,
prohibited by the United States Bureau of Industry and Security or any
export laws, restrictions or regulations.

### 7.5. Survival

The parties agree that the following sections of the Agreement will
survive the termination of the License: Section 4, Section 5, Section 6,
and Section 7.

8. Attachment A
---------------

### Additional Licensing Obligations

Third party components included in the SOFTWARE are licensed to Licensee
pursuant to the following terms and conditions:

Nil
